Node cb documentation (#9753)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _vector-search/settings.md

`knn.cache.item.expiry.minutes` | Dynamic | `3h` | If enabled, the amount of idle time before a native library index is removed from memory.
`knn.circuit_breaker.unset.percentage` | Dynamic | `75` | The native memory usage threshold for the circuit breaker. Memory usage must be lower than this percentage of `knn.memory.circuit_breaker.limit` in order for `knn.circuit_breaker.triggered` to remain `false`.
`knn.circuit_breaker.triggered` | Dynamic | `false` | `true` when memory usage exceeds the `knn.circuit_breaker.unset.percentage` value.

> `knn.memory.circuit_breaker.limit` | Dynamic | `50%` | The native memory limit for native library indexes. At the default value, if a machine has 100 GB of memory and the JVM uses 32 GB, then the k-NN plugin uses 50% of the remaining 68 GB (34 GB). If memory usage exceeds this value, then the plugin removes the native library indexes used least recently. <br><br> To configure this limit at the node level define a node attribute like `node.attr.knn_cb_tier: "integ"` in `opensearch.yml`. With the example classification of `integ`, set the value of `knn.memory.circuit_breaker.limit.integ` in the cluster. Nodes will use their specific circuit breaker limit if configured, falling back to the cluster-wide setting if no node-specific value is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`knn.memory.circuit_breaker.limit` | Dynamic | `50%` | The native memory limit for native library indexes. At the default value, if a machine has 100 GB of memory and the JVM uses 32 GB, then the k-NN plugin uses 50% of the remaining 68 GB (34 GB). If memory usage exceeds this value, then the plugin removes the native library indexes used least recently. <br><br> To configure this limit at the node level, add `node.attr.knn_cb_tier: "<tier-name>"` in `opensearch.yml` and set `knn.memory.circuit_breaker.limit.<tier-name>` in cluster settings. For example, define a node tier as `node.attr.knn_cb_tier: "integ"` and set `knn.memory.circuit_breaker.limit.integ: "80%"`. Nodes use their tier's circuit breaker limit if configured, defaulting to the cluster-wide setting if no node-specific value is set.
```

> `knn.memory.circuit_breaker.limit` | Dynamic | `50%` | The native memory limit for native library indexes. At the default value, if a machine has 100 GB of memory and the JVM uses 32 GB, then the k-NN plugin uses 50% of the remaining 68 GB (34 GB). If memory usage exceeds this value, then the plugin removes the native library indexes used least recently. <br><br> To configure this limit at the node level, add `node.attr.knn_cb_tier: "<tier-name>"` in `opensearch.yml` and set `knn.memory.circuit_breaker.limit.<tier-name>` in cluster settings. For example, define a node tier as `node.attr.knn_cb_tier: "integ"` and set `knn.memory.circuit_breaker.limit.integ: "80%"`. Nodes use their tier's circuit breaker limit if configured, defaulting to the cluster-wide setting if no node-specific value is set.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`knn.memory.circuit_breaker.limit` | Dynamic | `50%` | The native memory limit for native library indexes. At the default value, if a machine has 100 GB of memory and the JVM uses 32 GB, then the k-NN plugin uses 50% of the remaining 68 GB (34 GB). If memory usage exceeds this value, then the plugin removes the native library indexes used least recently. <br><br> To configure this limit at the node level, add `node.attr.knn_cb_tier: "<tier-name>"` in `opensearch.yml` and set `knn.memory.circuit_breaker.limit.<tier-name>` in the cluster settings. For example, define a node tier as `node.attr.knn_cb_tier: "integ"` and set `knn.memory.circuit_breaker.limit.integ: "80%"`. Nodes use their tier's circuit breaker limit if configured, defaulting to the cluster-wide setting if no node-specific value is set.
```
